There's a lady who's sure all that glitters is gold
And she's buying a stairway to heaven
When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed
With a word she can get what she came for
Ooh, ooh, and she's buying a stairway to heaven

There's a sign on the wall but she wants to be sure
'Cause you know sometimes words have two meanings
In a tree by the brook, there's a songbird who sings
Sometimes all of our thoughts are misgiven
Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, it makes me wonder

There's a feeling I get when I look to the west
And my spirit is crying for leaving
In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees
And the voices of those who stand looking
Ooh, it makes me wonder
Ooh, it really makes me wonder

And it's whispered that soon if we all call the tune
Then the piper will lead us to reason
And a new day will dawn for those who stand long
And the forests will echo with laughter

If there's a bustle in your hedgerow, don't be alarmed now
It's just a spring clean for the May queen
Yes, there are two paths you can go by, but in the long run
There's still time to change the road you're on
And it makes me wonder

Your head is humming and it won't go, in case you don't know
The piper's calling you to join him
Dear lady, can you hear the wind blow and did you know
Your stairway lies on the whispering wind?

And as we wind on down the road
Our shadows taller than our soul
There walks a lady we all know
Who shines white light and wants to show
How everything still turns to gold

And if you listen very hard
The tune will come to you at last
When all are one and one is all, yeah
To be a rock and not to roll

And she's buying a stairway to heavenLed Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin 3
Immigrant Song
Ah, ah,
We come from the land of the ice and snow,
>From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow.
The hammer of the gods
Will drive our ships to new lands,
To fight the horde, singing and crying:
Valhalla, I am coming!
On we sweep with threshing oar,
Our only goal will be the western shore.
Ah, ah,
We come from the land of the ice and snow,
>From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow.
How soft your fields so green,
Can whisper tales of gore,
Of how we calmed the tides of war.
We are your overlords.
On we sweep with threshing oar,
Our only goal will be the western shore.
So now you'd better stop and rebuild all your ruins,
For peace and trust can win the day
Despite of all your losing.I had a dream, oh now
Crazy dream, oh-hoh
Anything I wanted to know
Any place I needed to go

Hear my song, yeah
People don't you listen now, sing along, oh
You don't know what you're missing now
Any little song that you know
Everything that's small has to grow
It's all growing, push push, yeah

Na na na na
California sunlight, sweet Calcutta rain
Honolulu starbright The song remains the same, oooh, oooh, ohh-hoh
Here we go

Here we go

Are you gonna Are ya, are ya gonna go now Are ya gonna go now Oooh oooh

Sing out Hare Hare, ooh, dance the Hoochie Koo
City lights are oh so bright, as we go sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding through
Sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding, sliding, yi-ee-yi-ee-yi-ee-yi-ee-yi-ee

AhLed Zeppelin
Houses Of The Holy
No Quarter
Close the door, put out the light.
No, they won't be home tonight.
The snow falls hard and don't you know?
The winds of Thor are blowing cold.
They're wearing steel that's bright and true
They carry news that must get through, oooh
They choose the path where no-one goes.
They hold no quarter, They hold no quarter.
Walking side by side with death
The devil mocks their every step
The snow drives back the foot that's slow
The dogs of doom are howling more
They carry news that must get through
To build a dream for me and you
They choose the path where no-one goes.
They hold no quarter, They ask no quarter.
The pain, the pain without quarter.
They ask no quarter.
Yeah! Without quarter, quarter, yeah!
The dogs of doom are howling more!
I hear the dogs of doom are howling more!Led Zeppelin
Houses Of The Holy
The Rain Song
This is the springtime of my loving-
the second season I am to know
You are the sunlight in my growing-
so little warmth I've felt before.
It isn't hard to feel me glowing-
I watched the fire that grew so low.
It is the summer of my smiles-
flee from me Keepers of the Gloom.
Speak to me only with your eyes
it is to you I give this tune.
Ain't so hard to recognize-
These things are clear to all from
time to time. Ooooh...
Talk Talk-
I've felt the coldness of my winter
I never thought it would ever go
I cursed the gloom that set upon us...
But I know that I love you so
but I know that I love you so.
These are the seasons of emotion
And like the winds they rise and fall
This is the wonder of devotion-
I see the torch we all must hold.
This is the mystery of the quotient-
Upon us all a little rain
must fall, Just a little rain?
ooooh, yeah yeah yeah!Leaves are falling all around*
It's time I was on my way. 
Thanks to you, I'm much obliged for such a pleasant stay. 
But now it's time for me to go. 
The autumn moon lights my way. 
For now I smell the rain, and with it pain, and it's headed my way. 
Sometimes I grow so tired, but I know I've got one thing I got to do... 

[Chorus:]
Ramble On, 
And now's the time, the time is now, to sing my song. 
I'm goin' 'round the world, I got to find my girl, on my way. 
I've been this way ten years to the day, 
Ramble On, 
Gotta find the queen of all my dreams. 

Got no time to for spreadin' roots, 
The time has come to be gone. 
And to' our health we drank a thousand times,
it's time to Ramble On. 

[Repeat Chorus:]

Mine's a tale that can't be told, my freedom I hold dear. 
How years ago in days of old, when magic filled the air. 
T'was in the darkest depths of Mordor, I met a girl so fair. 
But Gollum, and the evil one crept up and slipped away with her, her, her....
Yeah. 

[Repeat Chorus:]

Gonna ramble on, sing my song. 
Gotta keep-a-searchin' for my baby... 
Gonna work my way, round the world. 
I can't stop this feelin' in my heart 
Gotta keep searchin' for my baby. 
I can't find my bluebird!Led Zeppelin
In Through The Out Door
Fool In The Rain
Oh, baby
Well there's a light in your eye that keeps shining
Like a star that can't wait for the night
I hate to think I've been blinded baby
Why can't I see you tonight?
And the warmth of your smile starts a-burnin'
And the thrill of your touch gives me fright
And I'm shaking so much, really yearning
Why don't you show up, make it all right?
Yeah, it's all right.
And if you promised you'd love so completely
and you said you would always be true
You swore that you would never leave me, baby:
What ever happened to you?
And you thought it was only in movies
How you wish all your dreams would come true--Hey
It ain't the first time believe me, baby
I'm standin here feeling blue
Yeah I'm blue
Now I will stand in the rain on the corner
I'll watch the people go shuffling downtown
Another ten minutes no longer
And then I'm turning around
The clock on the wall's moving slower
My heart it sinks to the ground
And the storm that I thought would blow over
Clouds the light of the love that I found
Now my body is starting to quiver
And the palms of my hands getting wet
I've got no reason to doubt you baby,
It's all a terrible mess
I'll run in the rain till I'm breathless
When I'm breathless I'll run till I drop, hey
The thoughts of a fool's kind of careless
I'm just a fool waiting on the wrong block, oh yeah
Light of the love that I found...Led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin 4 (Untitled)
Black Dog
Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move
Gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove.
Oh, oh, child, way you shake that thing
Gonna make you burn, gonna make you sting.
Hey, hey, baby, when you walk that way
Watch your honey drip, can't keep away.

*Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah., Ah yeah, ah yeah, ah, ah, ah.

I gotta roll, can't stand still,
Got a flame in my heart, can't get my fill,
Eyes that shine burning red,
Dreams of you all thru my head.
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah.

Hey, baby, oh, baby, pretty baby,
Tell me what you do me now.
(Repeat) 
Didn't take too long 'fore I found out
What people mean my down and out.
Spent my money, took my car,
Started tellin' her friends she wants to be a star.
I don't know but I been told
A big legged woman ain't got no soul.

* Chorus 
All I ask for when I pray,
Steady rollin' woman gonna come my way.
Need a woman gonna hold my hand
And tell me no lies, make me a happy man.Spent my days with a woman unkind*
Smoked my stuff and drank all my wine.
Made up my mind to make a new start, 
Going To California with an aching in my heart.
Someone told me there's a girl out there with love in her eyes and flowers in her hair.
Took my chances on a big jet plane, never let them tell you that they're all the same.
The sea was red and the sky was grey, wondered how tomorrow could ever follow today.
The mountains and the canyons started to tremble and shake
As the children of the sun began to awake.

Seems that the wrath of the Gods
Got a punch on the nose and it started to flow;
I think I might be sinking.
Throw me a line if I reach it in time
I'll meet you up there where the path
Runs straight and high.

To find a queen without a king,
They say she plays guitar and cries and sings... la la la
Ride a white mare in the footsteps of dawn
Tryin' to find a woman who's never, never, never been born.
Standing on a hill in my mountain of dreams,
Telling myself it's not as hard, hard, hard as it seems.Led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin 2
Moby Dick
( Instrumental )Led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin 4 (Untitled)
The Battle Of Evermore
Queen of Light took her bow
And then she turned to go,
The Prince of Peace embraced the gloom
And walked the night alone.
Oh, dance in the dark of night,
Sing to the morn - ing light.
The dark Lord rides in force tonight
And time will tell us all.
Oh, throw down your plow and hoe,
Rest not to lock your homes.
Side by side we wait the might
Of the darkest of them all.
I hear the horses' thunder
Down in the valley blow,
I'm waiting for the angels of Avalon,
Waiting for the eastern glow.
The apples of the valley hold,
The seas of happiness,
The ground is rich from tender care,
Repay, do not forget, no, no.
Oh,-------dance in the dark of night,
sing to the morning light.
The apples turn to brown and black, The tyrant's face is red.
Oh the war is common cry, Pick up you swords and fly.
The sky is filled with good and bad
That mortals never know.
Oh, well, the night is long, The beads of time pass slow,
Tired eyes on the sunrise, Waiting for the eastern glow.
The pain of war cannot exceed
The woe of aftermath,
The drums will shake the castle wall,
The ring wraiths ride in black, Ride on.
Sing as you raise your bow,
Shoot straighter than before.
No comfort has the fire at night
That lights the face so cold.
Oh dance in the dark of night,
Sing to the mornin' light.
The magic runes are writ in gold
To bring the balance back, Bring it back.
At last the sun is shining, The clouds of blue roll by,
With flames from the dragon of darkness
The sunlight blinds his eyes.Hey fellas, have you heard the news?
You know that Annie's back in town?
It won't take long, just watch and see
That the fellas lay their money down

Her style is new but the face is same
As it was so long ago
But from her eyes, a different smile
Like that of one who knows

Well, it's been ten years and maybe more
Since I first set eyes on you
The best years of my life gone by
Here I am alone and blue

Some people cry and some people die
By the wicked ways of love
I'll just keep on rollin' along
With the grace of the Lord above

People talkin' all around
'Bout the way you left me flat
I don't care what the people say
I know where their jive is at

One thing I do have on my mind
If you can clarify, please do
It's the way you call me by another guy's name
Name, name, name, name, oh, name

Work so hard I can't unwind, get some money saved
Abuse my love a thousand times, however hard I tried
Heartbreaker, your time has come, can't take your evil way
Go away, heartbreaker, heartbreak, heartbreak, heartHey lady, you got the love I need
Maybe more than enough
Oh, darling, darling, darling, walk a while with me
Oh, you've got so much, so much, so much

Many times I've loved, many times been bitten
Many times I've gazed along the open road

Many times I've lied, many times I've listened
Many times I've wondered how much there is to know

Many dreams come true and some have silver linings
I live for my dream and a pocketful of gold

Mellow is the man, who knows what he's been missing
Many, many men, can't see the open road

Many is a word that only leaves you guessing
Guessing 'bout a thing you really ought to know
Really ought to know, I really ought to know

You know I should, you know I should
You know I should, you know I shouldNobody's fault but mine
Trying to save my soul to light
Oh, it's nobody's fault but mine
The devil, he taught me to roll
How to roll the log to light
Nobody's fault but mine
Brother, he showed me the gong
Brother, he showed me the ding dong ding lang
How to kick that gong to light 
Oh, it's nobody's fault but mine
Gotta monkey on my back
Gonna change my way to light
Nobody's fault but mine
How to kick that gong to light 
Nobody's fault

These are all old blues and drug references
(rolling the log to light, kicking the gong, etc.)Led Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin 3
Celebration Day
Her face is cracked from smiling,
All the fears that she's been hiding,
And it seems pretty soon ev'rybody's gonna know.
And her voice is sore from shouting,
Cheering winners who are losing,
And she worries if their days are few
And soon they'll have to go.

*My, my, my, I'm so happy,
I'm gonna join the band,
We are gonna sing and dance in celebration,
We are in the promised land.

She hears them talk of new ways
To protect the home she lives in,
Then she wonders what it's all about
When they break down the door.
Her name is Brown or White or Black,
You know her very well,
You hear her cries of mercy
As the winners toll the bell.

* Chorus

There is a train that leaves the station
Heading for your destination,
But the price you pay to nowhere has increased a dollar more.
Yes, it has!
And if you walk you're gonna get there
Tho' it takes a little longer,
And when you see it in the distance
You will wring your hands and moan.It's been a long time since I rock and rolled
It's been a long time since I did the stroll
Ooh, let me get it back, let me get it back, let me get it back
Mmm baby, where I come from

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Yes, it has

It's been a long time since the book of love
I can't count the tears of a life with no love
Carry me back, carry me back, carry me back
Mmm baby, where I come from, whoa whoa

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time
Ah, ah, ah

Oh, it seems so long since we walked in the moonlight
Makin' vows that just couldn't work right
Haw yeah, open your arms, open your arms, open your arms
Baby, let my love come running in, yeah

It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time

Yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey, yeah hey
Ooh yeah, ooh ooh yeah, ooh yeah, ooh ooh yeah
It's been a long time, been a long time
Been a long, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely, lonely time(We've done four already but now we're steady and then they went: 1,2,3,4...)
Singing in the sunshine, laughing in the rain
Hitting on the moonshine, rocking in the grain
Got no time to pack my bag, my foot's outside the door
I got a date, I can't be late, for the hellhound heroes ball

Singing to an ocean, I can hear the ocean's roar
Play for free, play for me and play a whole lot more
Singing 'bout good things and the sun that lights the day
I used to sing on the mountains, "has the ocean lost it's way?"
I don't know

Sitting round singing songs 'til the night turns into day
Used to sing on the mountains but the mountains washed away
Now I'm singing all my songs to the girl who won my heart
She is only three years old and it's a real fine way to start.

It sure is fine
Blow my mind
I feel so good now
I'm so glad
Oh, so goodLed Zeppelin
Led Zeppelin 4 (Untitled)
Misty Mountain Hop
Walkin' in the park just the other day, Baby,
What do you, what do you think I saw?
Crowds of people sittin' on the grass with flowers in their hair said,
"Hey, Boy, do you wanna score?"
And you know how it is;
I really don't know what time it was, woh, oh,
So I asked them if I could stay awhile.
I didn't notice but it had got very dark and I was really,
Really out of my mind.
Just then a policeman stepped up to me and asked us said,
"Please, hey, would we care to all get in line,
Get in line."
Well you know,
They asked us to stay for tea and have some fun,
Oh, oh, he said that his friends would all drop by, ooh.
Why don't you take a good look at yourself and describe what you see, 
And Baby, Baby, Baby, do you like it?
There you sit, sitting spare like a book on a shelf rustin'
Ah, not trying to fight it.
You really don't care if they're coming, oh, oh,
I know that it's all a state of mind, ooh.
If you go down in the streets today, Baby, you better,
You better open your eyes.
Folk down there really don't care, really don't care, 
don't care, really don't
Which, which way the pressure lies,
So I've decided what I'm gonna do now.
So I'm packing my bags for the Misty Mountains
Where the spirits go now,
Over the hills where the spirits fly, ooh, I really don't know.If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. 
When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me. 

Kind woman, I give you my all, Kind woman, nothing more. 

Little drops of rain whisper of the pain, tears of loves lost in the days gone by. 
My love is strong, with you there is no wrong, 
together we shall go until we die. My, my, my. 
An inspiration is what you are to me, inspiration, look... see. 

And so today, my world it smiles, your hand in mine, we walk the miles, 
Thanks to you it will be done, for you to me are the only one. 
Happiness, no more be sad, happiness....I'm glad. 
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you. 
When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me.
If it keeps on rainin'
Levee's goin' to break
If it keeps on rainin'
Levee's goin' to break
When the levee breaks
I'll have no place to stay

Mean old levee
Taught me to weep and moan
Mean old levee
Taught me to weep and moan

It's got what it takes
To make a mountain man leave his home
Oh well, oh well, oh well

Don't it make you feel bad
When you're tryin' to find your way home
You don't know which way to go?

If you're goin' down South
They got no work to do
If you're going down to Chicago

Cryin' won't help you
Prayin' won't do you no good
Now, cryin' won't help you
Prayin' won't do you no good
When the levee breaks
Mama, you got to move

All last night
Sat on the levee and moaned
All last night
Sat on the levee and moaned
Thinkin' about my baby
And my happy home

Going, I'm going to Chicago
Going to Chicago
Sorry but I can't take you

Going down, going down now
Going down, going down now
Going down, going down
Going down, going down

Going down, going down now
Going down, going down now
Going down, going down now
Going down, going down
Down, down, down, downLed Zeppelin
Miscellaneous
Let's have a party
Some people like to rock
Some people like to roll
But movin' and-a groovin' gonna
Satisfy my soul

Let's have a party
Let's have a party
Send 'im to the store let's
By some more
Let's have a party tonight

I never kissed ( ? )
I never kissed ( ? )
But I can shake it shake it in the
( ? )

Honky tonky Joe
Is knockin' at the door
So bring 'im in and fill 'im up
And send 'im ( ? )

We're gonna have
A party
Tonight yeah whoah whoahBaby, baby, I'm gonna bring it on home to you
I've got my ticket, I've got that load
Got up, gone higher, all aboard
I'm gonna take my seat, right way back, ooh yeah
Watch this train roll down the track

I'm gonna bring it on home, bring it on home to you
Watch out, watch out [Incomprehensible]

Try to tell you baby, what you tryin' to do?
Tryin' to love me baby, love some other man too
Bring it on home, bring it on home

Went a little walk downtown, messed and got back late
Found a note there waiting, it said, "Daddy, I just can't wait"
Bring it on home, bring it on home
Bring it back home, bring it back home to me, baby

Tell you, pretty baby, you love to mess me 'round
I'm gonna give you lovin', baby, gonna move you out o' town
Bring it on home, bring it on home

Sweetest little baby, daddy ever saw
I'm gonna give you lovin' baby, I'm gonna give you more
Bring it on home, bring it on home
Bring it on home, oh yeah

Bring it on home, bring it on home to youLed Zeppelin
In Through The Out Door
Hot Dog
Well I just got into town today
To find my girl who's gone away
She took the Greyhound at the General Store
I searched myself I searched the town
When I finally did sit down
I find myself no wiser than before
She said we couldn't do no wrong
No other love could be so strong
She locked up my heart in her bottom drawer
Now she took my heart she took my keys
>From in my old blue dungarees
And I'll never go to Texas anymore
Now my baby's gone I don't know what to do
She took my love and walked right out the door
And if I ever find that girl I know one thing for sure
I'm gonna give her something like she never had before
I took her love at seventeen
A little late these days it seems
But they said heaven is well worth waiting for
I took her word I took it all
Beneath the sign that said U-haul
She left angels hangin round for more
Now my baby's gone I don't know what to do
She took my love and walked right out the door
And if I ever find that girl I know one thing for sure
I'm gonna give her something like she never had before
I thought I had it all sewn up
Our love, a plot, a pick-up truck
But folks said she was after something more
I never did quite understand
All that talk about rockin' bands
But they just rolled my doll right out the door
Oh yeah, they just rolled my doll right out the door!You know you shook me, you shook me all night long
You know you shook me, you shook me all night long
You shook me so hard, baby, baby, baby, please come home

I have a bird that whistles and I have birds that sing
I have a bird that whistles and I have birds that sing
I have a baby, won't do nothing, buy a diamond ring

You know you shook me, you shook me all night long
I know you really, really did babe
I said, you shook me, baby, you shook me all night long
You shook me so hard, baby, you shook me all night longLed Zeppelin
Miscellaneous
Stand by me
When the night has come
And the land is dark
And the moon is the only light we'll see
No, I won't be afraid
No, I won't be afraid
Just as long as you stand
Stand by me

So darling, darling,
Stand by me,
Oh, stand by me
Oh, stand,
Stand by me
Stand by me

If the sky that we look upon
Should tumble and fall
Or the mountains should crumble in the sea
I won't be afraid
I won't be afraid
Just as long as you stand
Stand by me

So darling, darling,
Stand by me,
Oh, stand by me
Oh, stand,
Stand by me
Stand by me
Etc....